Last time on Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal:
♪
I Xyz Summon
Chaos Number 1,000!
Witness the ascension
of Numerronius.
Attack them directly!
Farewell, Yuma.
I tried my best.
Well, try harder.
Kite.
I left you something, Yuma.
Use it.
♪
Kite's card.
Here's Number 100,
Numeron Dragon!
♪
Arise, Chaos
Imaginary Number 1,000.
Numerronius Numerronia!
Ready?
Yes.
♪
Ultimate Zexal Morph!
Let's go!
We can overlay these two
monsters to Xyz Summon...
Number 73, Abyss Splash!
And now, I activate the trap,
Utopia Rising!
Utopia rises from my Graveyard,
and encrypts his card.
And I activate the
trap Bonds of Hope!
I can summon another Xyz
monster from the Graveyard.
Number 100, Numeron
Dragon is back in action.
With those three monsters,
it's like Yuma, Kite, and
Shark are all fighting as one!
We're gonna put you
down once and for all.
♪
♪ Still together as one
'cause divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go,
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way,
you know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time,
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today,
you just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone, erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls
till the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together,
regret it never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to Forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep,
beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to Forever ♪
♪ We've got
nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing,
believing ♪
♪ Halfway to Forever ♪
♪
Here we go.
Don Thousand, I use one
of Utopia's Overlay Units
to activate Numeron
Dragon's special ability!
Kite, let's do this together.
Utopia gains 1,000 attack points
for every Rank on the field.
The four Xyz monsters
have a total Rank of 23.
♪
That gives Utopia a total
of 25,500 attack points!
Those attack points
are a pittance.
They are nowhere near
Numerronius Numerronia's
100,000 points.
Not yet,
but Utopia still
has Overlay Units.
That's right.
We can use them to activate
Abyss Splash's special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
Utopia's attack points double!
♪
But why settle for one
when we can use two
to quadruple Utopia's strength
into a mind-blowing
102,000 attack points?
♪
It's stronger than
Don Thousand's monster!
Strike Numerronius Numerronia
with all your might!
Pathetic.
You obviously
underestimate my Numerronia.
It uses one Chaos Overlay
Unit to stop your attack.
(thundering)
♪
I also gave Life Points equal
to Utopia's attack points.
♪
I didn't know that Life
Points could go that high.
There is no way
for you to overcome
the power of a deity.
Oh yes, there is.
I activate the spell
Double or Nothing!
♪
This card not only doubles
Utopia's attack points,
but it also allows Utopia
to attack you again!
♪
204,000 attack points!
Utopia, take down Don Thousand
and his Numerronius Numerronia
with Rising Sun
Hyper Force Slash.
♪
(rumbling)
(yelling)
♪
Yay!
Hooray!
We did it.
We beat Don Thousand.
Kite, thanks for your help.
We couldn't have
done it without you.
♪
(gasping)
The portal to Astral
World's closing!
♪
Yuma, look!
Now that Don Thousand
has been defeated,
Earth and Barian World are
splitting back into two.
♪
How absurd.
I cannot believe I lost.
Well, you better believe it.
We stopped your evil dreams
and gave you a rude awakening.
(laughing)
♪
You may have defeated me,
but the destruction of your
worlds is still in the cards.
You will face an
unending nightmare.
You have merely vanquished
my body, not my spirit.
While my dark energy lives on,
I assure you that you will not.
(laughing)
♪
Guys, what's happening?
Shark!
Are you okay?
Yuma, Astral, the
battle isn't over.
In fact, it hasn't even begun!
♪
(screaming)
What's that?
Astral, check it out!
That road leads to Astral World.
♪
What's it doing here?
This is most peculiar.
(gasping)
This other side
connects back to Earth.
But why is Heartland City
still Barianfied?
I thought Barian World
and Earth split apart
when we beat Don Thousand.
No, Yuma.
Don Thousand's
power still remains.
His Chaos energy
is keeping Earth
and Barian World fused together.
Shark...
It's also pulling our worlds
into a collision course
with Astral World.
If our three worlds collide,
Astral World will be destroyed.
(gasping)
But, since we defeated him,
Don Thousand's
power should be gone!
It's not, because I inherited
Don Thousand's energies.
What?
You absorbed his power?
Then use it to stop all
our worlds from crashing!
Well, I could, but there's
no way I'm doing that.
You forget that I'm a Barian.
Barian World and Astral
World are sworn enemies,
locked in a war with each other.
When I became leader
of the Barians,
I took on an
enormous responsibility
that I take very seriously.
I must protect the
people of my world,
so Astral World
must be destroyed.
If you wanna save Astral World,
you'll have to defeat me.
But Shark, I don't
wanna fight a friend.
Wrong!
We are not friends.
Not as long as you
take Astral's side.
I will fight for Barian
World to the bitter end.
There's gotta be some way
that we can work it out.
Please?
There isn't.
For once, Shark and I agree.
Our worlds cannot
mutually exist.
We must do battle.
That's all there is to it.
Either me or Astral
has to go down.
Now, let's find out which one
of our worlds will survive.
Yuma, it is time.
Astral.
We must win.
Please, Yuma, we must
save Astral World.
Astral.
Please, Yuma.
♪
All right, let's do it.
(yelling)
♪
Duel Disk, go!
Duel Gazer, let's roll.
♪
Let's Duel!
I'll start the Duel,
you just handle losing it.
I activate the spell
Card of Ascension!
♪
By discarding a monster card,
I can add a
Rank-Up-Magic to my hand.
I know you remember this card.
I activate Rank-Up-Magic -
The Seventh One.
Take to the skies,
Number 101: Silent Honor ARK.
Then this Xyz monster
Ranks-Up into a
Chaos Xyz monster.
Chaos Xyz Evolution!
Appear Chaos Number
101: Silent Honor DARK.
♪
Next on up, Doppelganger
Shark swims to my field.
♪
(roaring)
Doppelganger can transform
into an exact copy
of my water monster.
You're gonna be seeing double.
Take the form of
Silent Honor DARK!
♪
Silent Honor DARK
also gains the ability
to attack you directly.
♪
And to further
protect my monsters,
I activate Chaos Barrier.
This spell prevents
you from attacking,
banishing or destroying
my Chaos monsters
with your card effects.
♪
This is not good.
On the next turn, Shark
will attack us directly
for tremendous damage.
It's only a matter of time
until Astral World
is sunk for good.
♪
Come on, think.
There's gotta be a
way to save Earth,
Astral World, and Barian World.
♪
I know there is, I just
wish I knew what it was.
♪
Yuma, perhaps there is a
way out of this predicament.
What?
The Numeron Code.
The Numeron Code?
The winner of this Duel
will possess the Numeron Code,
which can not only
rewrite the future,
it can also rewrite the past.
So, if we win, we could
use the Numeron Code
to change the past.
Correct.
We could erase everything
that has happened
up to this time.
♪
I'm not so sure
that's a good idea.
If we rewrite the past,
then you and I
will never have met.
Do we want that?
That means we lose everything
we've done together.
All the battles we've faced,
all the challenges
we've overcome--
they made us who we are.
Without our past together,
our future is meaningless.
We can't change that.
We can't just wipe out
everything we Dueled for!
You are right.
A future without a past--
that is no future
worth living in.
I must keep Dueling,
for I cannot allow my
world to be destroyed.
But if there is another way--
a way to save all our worlds--
I believe that you will find it,
because, Yuma, I believe in you.
Thanks, Astral.
All right then,
no matter what happens,
we're in this together!
My turn!
I draw!
Go, Yuma!
Yeah, I summon Buzzbuzz Seven!
It may look harmless,
but it's sure gonna bug ya!
And I summon Gagaga Magician!
♪
Gagaga Magician can
use its magical powers
to change its level.
Gagaga Magician rises to Level
Seven just like my Buzzbuzz!
I overlay Buzzbuzz Seven
and Gagaga Magician
to build the Overlay Network.
I Xyz Summon Number 11: Big Eye!
♪
Big Eye has you
locked in its sights.
By using one Overlay Unit,
it takes control of
one of your monsters.
So, Silent Honor
DARK joins my side,
and is just the monster I
need to break up your strategy.
Silent Honor DARK uses
its special ability
to change your monster
into a Chaos Overlay Unit.
♪
Silent Honor DARK,
attack Shark directly!
♪
(yelling)
Thanks for attacking me, Yuma.
Huh?
Since I took damage,
I get to play one of
my most powerful traps.
I activate Duo of
the Seven Emperors.
It lets me summon
two Chaos Numbers
that belong to my
fellow Emperors.
And together, we
are unstoppable!
I summon Dumon's
Archfiend Seraph,
and my sister
Marin's Ragnafinity.
This is only the beginning.
He used our very own
aggression against us.
Well, I'm not gonna
let that happen again.
I place one card face
down and end my turn.
♪
My turn!
Dumon...Marin...
let's save Barian
World together.
♪
Ragnafinity, attack Big Eye!
And Archfiend Seraph,
destroy Silent Honor DARK.
♪
But Silent Honor DARK
won't stay away for long.
When it has a Chaos Overlay
Unit when it's destroyed,
it's summoned back to my field.
♪
Even better, I gain Life Points
equal to Silent Honor
DARK's attack points.
♪
He got all his Life Points back!
Silent Honor, it's payback time.
-Yuma!
-Right!
Come on out, my Gagaga Gardna!
Gagaga Gardna steps in
to block your attack.
♪
Yuma, Astral!
You're the luckiest
guy in the galaxy.
I place one card face
down and end my turn.
Well, you know the old saying,
"Better lucky than good."
Now it's my turn!
I draw!
I summon Gagaga Caesar!
♪
And it's bringing
along a friend,
Gagaga Clerk!
♪
Gagaga Caesar, do your thing!
By banishing Gagaga
Magician from my Graveyard,
all my monsters
change to Level Four.
♪
Now that Gagaga Clerk and
Caesar are the same Level,
I can Overlay them.
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network.
Xyz Summon--rise on
up, Number 39: Utopia!
♪
Next, I equip Utopia
with Utopia Sword.
It gives Utopia an
additional 800 attack points.
♪
Utopia, attack Silent Honor DARK
with Rising Sun
Lightsword Slash!
♪
Utopia Sword is the most
powerful blade ever forged.
By sending it to the Graveyard,
all your monsters
are instantly destroyed.
♪
How do you like that, Shark?
Nothing I can't handle.
Yeah, right.
I'll prove it by activating
the trap Chaos Hundred Universe.
All the Barian Numbers
you destroyed this turn
return to my field.
♪
And an equal number
of Barian Numbers
are summoned onto your field.
-Ah!
-Onto our field?
Here comes Vector's
Umbral Horror Masquerade.
♪
Followed by Alito's
Battlin' Boxer Comet Cestus,
and Girag's Giant Red Hand.
♪
Why would Shark summon
monsters onto our field?
There's still one Barian
monster missing from this party.
I activate the spell
Hundred Summon.
Since I have three Barian
Numbers on my field,
this spell card lets me
summon the final Barian Number.
(laughing)
Mizar's Neo Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon.
♪
(roaring)
Astral, what's he gonna do
with all seven Barian Numbers?
I know not, but I do
fear for the worst.
Now that the Seven
Barians are back together,
you have no chance!